rewrite coap gateway (#1824)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/gateway/mqttsn.md

  - **Topic ID**: Set the topic ID, which should be an integer between 1 and 65535.
  - **Topic**: Set the topic names.<!--, multiple topics can be added here, separated with a `,`-->

> - **MountPoint**: Set a string that is prefixed to all topics when publishing or subscribing, providing a way to implement message routing isolation between different protocols, for example, *MQTT-SN*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MountPoint**: Set a string that is prefixed to all topics when publishing or subscribing, providing a way to implement message routing isolation between different protocols, for example, `mqttsn/`.
```

>   **Note**: This topic prefix is managed by the gateway. CoAP clients do not need to add this prefix explicitly when publishing and subscribing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note**: This topic prefix is managed by the gateway. MQTT-SN clients do not need to add this prefix explicitly when publishing and subscribing.
```
